around 27 the Leeds Rhinos the world
champions and you played the ACE did an
awful lot of work to get Andrew Jones to
Warrington and just check the footage
very nervous he's hands are trembling
the ball falls off the corn a couple of
times and this was going to be a
challenge Joe he's going to put the ball
high gonna put a little bit short and
you're going to challenge the Leeds
Rhinos to come and get into this game
the big shadow of Chris light ball looks
across puts a big shot on Rob burrows
and it sets us up perfectly for that
right side shot we're nervous up here
we've got butterflies one must apply for
Andrew Jones
there he is with a swift plastiline
Boreas who gets Martin Gleason away oh
that's gonna be worth looking at again
this is absolutely breathtaking we'd set
this up many many times on the training
field Leeds as always disrupted the
scrum something they do to prevent that
quick restart but this was being planned
as we speak through Andrew Jones the
delivery to libros it's inch-perfect
hits him straight in the hands Libra is
Martin Gleason both in and away
simultaneously the ball out to Henry
five feel it who still has a massive job
to take on Marcus buying Kevin Sinfield
absolutely beautiful the noise levels
around this Stadium
martin gleason striding over what's
worries an end to the lead eighty odd
meters from the baseless chrome one pass
out to nathan world couple of steps left
and right and he was through and left
younger guys in his wake
drugs his groom can girls get there's
gonna be mothers he will score in the
corner
there's a break on here from Andruw
Jones and Loeb it's one collects ten
motions lead and just listen to the roar
of the crowd
that's Rifa Nathan would would
absolutely crown things tonight he's
there in the thick of the action will he
dip the shoulder he go yes it was an
emotional night in many ways the boys
wanted to play with Andruw Jones you
wanted to play for Nathan water it was a
reward for our supporters and it gave
them a night that they will never ever
forget